camera sw: Update build instruction for the new meson options (#3633)
raspberrypi/documentation: documentation/asciidoc/computers/camera/rpicam_apps_building.adoc

`-Denable_drm=enabled`:: Enables or disables **DRM/KMS preview rendering**, a preview window used in the absence of a desktop environment.

`-Denable_egl=enabled`:: Enables or disables the non-Qt desktop environment-based preview. Disable if your system lacks a desktop environment.

`-Denable_qt=enabled`:: Enables or disables support for the Qt-based implementation of the preview window. Disable if you do not have a desktop environment installed or if you have no intention of using the Qt-based preview window. The Qt-based preview is normally not recommended because it is computationally very expensive, however it does work with X display forwarding.

`-Denable_opencv=enabled`:: Forces OpenCV-based post-processing stages to link or not link. Requires OpenCV to enable. Defaults to `true` when OpenCV is installed, `false` otherwise.

`-Denable_tflite=enabled`:: Enables or disables TensorFlow Lite post-processing stages. Disabled by default. Requires Tensorflow Lite to enable. Depending on how you have built and/or installed TFLite, you may need to tweak the `meson.build` file in the `post_processing_stages` directory.

> NOTE: To disable any of the flags shown above with `enabled` as a value, replace `enabled` with `disabled`. If you specify `auto` instead, the configuration option will automatically be enabled or disabled depending on the availability of the required library dependencies.

Author: > Each of the above options supports the following values:

The only exception is for the neon_flags option.

> `enabled`: force-enables the option, even if dependencies are not available

I would probably word this like: Enables the option, fails the build if dependencies are not available.

> NOTE: To disable any of the flags shown above with `enabled` as a value, replace `enabled` with `disabled`. If you specify `auto` instead, the configuration option will automatically be enabled or disabled depending on the availability of the required library dependencies.

Reviewer: Well said. Updated based on this suggestion, I prefer this wording anyway.

> `-Dneon_flags=armv8-neon`:: Speeds up certain post-processing features on Raspberry Pi 3 or Raspberry Pi 4 devices running a 32-bit OS.

Author: I think this should remain as 32-bit OS.

`-Denable_libav=enabled`:: Enables or disables `libav` encoder integration.

`-Denable_drm=enabled`:: Enables or disables **DRM/KMS preview rendering**, a preview window used in the absence of a desktop environment.

`-Denable_egl=enabled`:: Enables or disables the non-Qt desktop environment-based preview. Disable if your system lacks a desktop environment.

`-Denable_qt=enabled`:: Enables or disables support for the Qt-based implementation of the preview window. Disable if you do not have a desktop environment installed or if you have no intention of using the Qt-based preview window. The Qt-based preview is normally not recommended because it is computationally very expensive, however it does work with X display forwarding.

> `-Denable_opencv=enabled`:: Forces OpenCV-based post-processing stages to link or not link. Requires OpenCV to enable. Defaults to `true` when OpenCV is installed, `false` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`-Denable_opencv=enabled`:: Forces OpenCV-based post-processing stages to link or not link. Requires OpenCV to enable. Defaults to `enabled` when OpenCV is installed, `disabled` otherwise.
```

Author: Hmm, actually this defaults to `disabled` so we probably want to update the text.

> `-Denable_opencv=enabled`:: Forces OpenCV-based post-processing stages to link or not link. Requires OpenCV to enable. Defaults to `enabled` when OpenCV is installed, `disabled` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`-Denable_opencv=enabled`:: Forces OpenCV-based post-processing stages to link or not link. Requires OpenCV to enable. Defaults to `disabled`.
```
@naushir Is this accurate?

`-Denable_tflite=enabled`:: Enables or disables TensorFlow Lite post-processing stages. Disabled by default. Requires Tensorflow Lite to enable. Depending on how you have built and/or installed TFLite, you may need to tweak the `meson.build` file in the `post_processing_stages` directory.

> Each of the above options supports the following values:
> 
> * `enabled`: force-enables the option, even if dependencies are not available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of the above options (except for `neon_flags`) supports the following values:

* `enabled`: enables the option, fails the build if dependencies are not available
```
